SRVKE-1155: DP documentation of  KafkaSource scaling, how to enable + configure (#108)
openshift-knative/docs: modules/serverless/pages/features/eventing-kafka-scaling/eventing-kafka-scaling-setup.adoc

= Setup Autoscaling For Eventing Kafka Components
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Setup Autoscaling for Eventing Kafka components in {serverlessproductname}

> This page describes how to set up the Autoscaling feature for Eventing Kafka, which allows
> for the Eventing Kafka components to autoscale based on the lag in the Kafka topic.
> Note: this is only currently for the KafkaSource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how to set up the Autoscaling feature for Eventing Kafka, which allows
the Eventing Kafka components to autoscale based on the consumer group lag.
```

I'd place the note in an "INFO" block (similar to "IMPORTANT")

[IMPORTANT]
====
{serverlessproductname} autoscaling for Eventing Kafka components is a Developer Preview feature only.
Developer Preview features are not supported with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs) and might not be functionally complete.
Red Hat does not recommend using them in production.
These features provide early access to upcoming product features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.

For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Developer Preview features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview/.
====

== Prerequisites

* You have access to an {product-title} account with clsuter administrator acccess.

* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

* Install the {serverlessoperatorname}.

* Install the {custommetricsautoscaleroperatorname}.

== Enable Autoscaling of KafkaSources in `EventingKafka`

> Enabling controller-autoscaling-keda in `KnativeKafka`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling `controller-autoscaling-keda` in `KnativeKafka`
```

Reviewer: Let's also include a few sentences how what is the enabled behavior (things like autoscaling is applied by default to all KafkaSources with option to disabled it with `<link to disable autoscaling for a resource section>`)

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1
kind: KnativeKafka
metadata:
  name: knative-kafka
  namespace: knative-eventing
spec:
  
  # Other spec fields omitted ...
  # ...

  config:

>     features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kafka-features:
```
